Update defaults.md with export to Word docx (#155)
Zettlr/zettlr-docs: docs/en/core/defaults-files.md

```

You can also make use of this templating system yourself. If you want to write a custom template, you can add statements such as `$if(myvariable)$$myvariable$$endif$` and insert the variable `myvariable` into any frontmatter or defaults file, and it will be replaced with whatever value you set it to.

### Microsoft Word Template (.docx)

For export as a Word document, you need a .docx document that serves as a template. This file should be stored in the same folder as your markdown files and added to the Word export Defaults file in Assets Manager. 

#### Reference Document 

> Use an existing Word document or download the reference.docx from Pandoc and change the styles. Your reference doc is a Word file that you format to your preferences. You need to adjust the Word Styles (Paragraph, Heading, Body Text, Footnote Text, etc) for it to apply. 

Author: for the repository, I don't see the download directory option, I only have the option to download the whole pandoc repository as a .zip

<img width="750" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109297886/200011258-56246ae7-bbc1-4ed8-8289-2a9ea0283e37.png">

> Use an existing Word document or download the reference.docx from Pandoc and change the styles. Your reference doc is a Word file that you format to your preferences. You need to adjust the Word Styles (Paragraph, Heading, Body Text, Footnote Text, etc) for it to apply. 

Reviewer: Ouh, alright, then it's probably the GitHub extension I have installed. Then … nevermind. Feel free to adapt the wording so that it's correct (zipping that directory and renaming it from `.zip` to `.docx` will still work)

> Use an existing Word document or download the reference.docx from Pandoc and change the styles. Your reference doc is a Word file that you format to your preferences. You need to adjust the Word Styles (Paragraph, Heading, Body Text, Footnote Text, etc) for it to apply. 

Author: I tried to do that and it didn't work for me. I think it worked in the past though, so I assume it'll work for others. I included it in the updated file anyways.

> Use an existing Word document or download the reference.docx from Pandoc and change the styles. Your reference doc is a Word file that you format to your preferences. You need to adjust the Word Styles (Paragraph, Heading, Body Text, Footnote Text, etc) for it to apply. 

Author: This is more of a request, but maybe you could include a copy of the reference documents in the Zettlr or Zettlr docs repos, and then add a link to it in documentation, so that it's easier for people to find and download. 

I don't really have much experience with command lines or github, so personally, it was a complicated and time consuming experience in trying to find the reference document to edit. I couldn't figure out where Pandoc was saving the doc or what I needed to change for it to show up or how to download it from github.

You can also make use of this templating system yourself. If you want to write a custom template, you can add statements such as `$if(myvariable)$$myvariable$$endif$` and insert the variable `myvariable` into any frontmatter or defaults file, and it will be replaced with whatever value you set it to.

### Reference Documents (.docx, .odt, .pptx) 

For export as Microsoft Word document, OpenDocument, or PowerPoint presentation, Pandoc uses a reference document that serves as a style template. This section is written in relation to Word docx, but the same should apply for either ODT or PPTX. 

#### Producing the Reference Document

> For best results, it is recommended to download the reference document directly from Pandoc. It should already be installed with Zettlr, but if not, see [Pandoc installation](https://docs.zettlr.com/en/installing-pandoc/) instructions. 

Reviewer: If you use Pandoc to spit it out on the command line, it does not necessarily constitute a "download", so I would rephrase to:

> For best results, it is recommended to retrieve the reference document directly from Pandoc. It comes bundled with Zettlr, but if not, see the Pandoc installation instructions.

> ##### Option 1: Using Pandoc from Command line or Terminal 

Reviewer: Since option 2 is definitely more cumbersome, I would suggest to remove that option and only leave this option.

> In the command line: `pandoc -o "custom-reference.docx" --print-default-data-file reference.docx`

Reviewer: Rephrase:

> In order to retrieve a reference document, run any of the following commands to create the file `custom-reference.docx`, `custom-reference.pptx`, or `custom-reference.odt`:

And then list all three, but in a codeblock

> To adjust the name or location of where the document is saved, you can change `"custom-reference.docx"` to include the absolute path: `"/Users/[user]/Downloads/project-reference.docx"`

Reviewer: Since the path only applies to macOS, I would suggest to say the following (or something along these lines): " … to include the absolute path, e.g., for macOS you could use …"

> ##### Option 2: Download from Pandoc Github repository

Reviewer: Remove this option

 In the Pandoc repo the documents are unzipped, which makes downloading them somewhat complicated. 

1. Open https://github.com/jgm/pandoc/
2. In the green Code button, select "Download zip"
3. Open the folder, find /pandoc-master/data/docx, and ZIP (compress) the docx folder. 
4. Change ".zip" to ".docx" in the file name
5. Open with Word

This method can lead to errors, and it is recommended to follow Option 1. 

##### Option 3: Finding documents produced by others

Formatted Pandoc reference documents can be found on Github or elsewhere. Use these at your own risk. 

Examples: 

> - https://github.com/hokorobi/pandoc-docx-reference/blob/master/reference.docx

Reviewer: Remove these links as we cannot guarantee for their safety or that they won't turn harmful in the future. Feel free to add helpful google search terms instead so that users can search for themselves.

- https://www.autodidacts.io/convert-markdown-to-standard-manuscript-format-odts-docs-and-pdfs-with-pandoc/ 

#### Adjusting the style and format

The reference document is a Word file that needs to be formatted to your preferences using Styles. 

> <img width="500" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109297886/200125385-1894484c-ea68-4615-aca3-065e40d271d9.png">

Reviewer: Remove this image tag. Instead, replace it with a default Markdown image tag (`![]()`) and also, put the image in the appropriate `img` subdirectory. I do not wish links to images uploaded via the web interface.

Author: How do I upload the image? I don't have access to it to directly upload, and I'm not sure how to do it as a push request

> You must update the formatting in the Styles Pane (Paragraph, Heading 1, Body Text, Footnote Text, etc.) for it to apply. Changing the text or other contents of the document has no effect unless you "Update to Match Selection" in Styles. Pandoc ONLY looks at the Styles format. 

Reviewer: Instead of uppercase ONLY, use bold or italic emphasis.

Also, feel free to provide a link to the Microsoft documentation for those people who have never used the styles pane.

> - More information about which Styles are supported in Pandoc [documentation](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#options-affecting-specific-writers) under `--reference-doc=FILE`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information about which styles are supported in Pandoc can be found in its [documentation](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#options-affecting-specific-writers) under `--reference-doc=FILE`. 
```

If you have an existing document that you want to use as template, you can use Word Organizer to copy the styles over. 
 
1. Format > Style...
2. Organizer... at bottom left
3. On the right side, under `Normal.dotm (global template)`, close file
4. Open file, find your desired document

> 5. Select the styles on the right, and <- Copy it over to the current reference.docx

Reviewer: Is the `<-` arrow accidental?

Author: No, I was trying to describe that the arrow should be pointing to the left so that you're copying it over in the correct direction, but maybe I should just add another screenshot? But it might look different in windows than mac.  
<img width="691" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/109297886/200150542-daad102e-4a6b-4705-9e0c-a06303d476a6.png">

(I'll take a better screenshot and upload it properly once I figure out how

> - In depth explanation of [Word Organizer](https://www.officearticles.com/word/using_the_organizer_in_microsoft_word.htm) 

Reviewer: Move this link to the first line of this section so that "Word Organizer" links there instead of this.

 etc. 
```

> Zettlr will search for the reference document in the same directory as the Markdown files that you're exporting. If you want different formatting for different projects and files, it can be convenient to have a custom-reference.docx within each of those folders. 

Reviewer: Really? Never tried this myself.

Author: Yes it definitely works! I have a different custom-reference.docx for each project, and as long as they're in the correct folder, Zettlr uses the right one, which is really convenient for all the different types of reports I need.

If you want to use the same reference document throughout, you can use the absolute path of the document instead, e.g. `reference-doc: /Users/[user]/Documents/custom-reference.docx`

More options for the writer can be found in the [Pandoc documentation](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#options-affecting-specific-writers-1), including options for numbered headings, the table of contents. 

#### Summary for Export as Word, Open Documents, or Powerpoint presentations

> 1. Download the custom-reference.docx from Pandoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve the appropriate reference document from Pandoc
```

> 2. In Word, change the format of that document using Styles Pane or Organizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In Word, change the format of that document using Styles Pane or Organizer; analogously with OpenDocument documents
```

> 3. Place that .docx in the same folder with Markdown files for this export or get the absolute path name 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Place that reference file in the same folder as the Markdown files for this export or get the absolute path name 
```

4. Adjust the Defaults file in Zettlr Assets Manager to include that file name
5. Adjust any other parameters in the Defaults Manager

> 6. Export as Word Document in Zettlr 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Export using the appropriate exporter profile in Zettlr 
```
